You need to use a cross-compiler unless you are developing on your own operating system. The compiler must know the correct target platform (CPU, operating system), otherwise you will run into trouble. You may be able to use the compiler that comes with your system if you pass a number of options to beat it into submission, but this will create a lot of completely unnecessary problems.

It is possible ask your compiler what target platform it is currently using by calling the command:
``` gcc -dumpmachine ```

If you want more details:
https://wiki.osdev.org/Why_do_I_need_a_Cross_Compiler%3F


> Dependencies
The GNU Compiler Collection is an advanced piece of software with dependencies. You need the following in order to build GCC:

    A Unix-like environment (Windows users can use the Windows Subsystem for Linux or Cygwin)
    Enough memory and hard disk space (it depends, 256 MiB will not be enough).
    GCC (existing release you wish to replace), or another system C compiler
    G++ (if building a version of GCC >= 4.8.0), or another system C++ compiler
    Make
    Bison
    Flex
    GMP
    MPFR
    MPC
    Texinfo
    ISL (optional)


Download the needed source code into a suitable directory such as $HOME/src:

- You can download the desired Binutils release by visiting the Binutils website or directly accessing the GNU main mirror.
- You can download the desired GCC release by visiting the GCC website or directly accessing the GNU main mirror.


> The Build

We build a toolset running on your host that can turn source code into object files for your target system.
See https://wiki.osdev.org/GCC_Cross-Compiler to see the details of the preparation

Build GCC, Binutils and optionally GDB in /src


> Using the cross-compiler

Now you have a "naked" cross-compiler. It does not have access to a C library or C runtime yet, so you cannot use most of the standard includes or create runnable binaries.

You can now run your new compiler by invoking something like:

```$HOME/opt/cross/bin/$TARGET-gcc --version```

Note how this compiler is not able to compile normal C programs.
The cross-compiler will spit errors whenever you want to #include any of the standard headers (except for a select few that actually are platform-independent, and generated by the compiler itself).
This is quite correct - you don't have a standard library for the target system yet!

